Nipponline
==========

Nipponline is a japanese course made up by several web applications that help the users learn the language while they enjoy themselves, instead of only reading boring theory online. Also, these applications will be linked to an online community where all the users can interact with eachother, not only by speaking but by sharing and comparing results on all of the applications.
We have been interested in learning japanese for a long time, and there are a lot of resources online to do so, but each was different and we couldn't manage to actually learn something. Nipponline's goal is to gather each and every one of these resources into one site and make the user learn japanese while he has fun.
The project is not only made to learn japanese, but also to introduce some of the japanese culture to the users.
What did we have in mind to start this project? As said above, we wanted to learn this language for a long time, but it's not only that. We wanted to learn more about new technologies. That's why, when deciding what tools to use, we've always chose the ones that we didn't know how to use already so not only do we learn japanese, we could also learn about these technologies.
Since we have to make all the applications online, we had to think a lot about what language to use. We decided to use Javascript for many reasons, being the most important that it is similar to what we already know and it's a very strong language in every aspect. Also, we decided to use node.js because we wanted to have a total control over our web and it was closely related to javascript, so it was an obvious choice.
Last but not least, we needed to decide a data base. We've been studying SQL for a long time and we thought that choosing a NoSQL would be the best option for our 'learning new technologies' policy. But there's a lot of different data bases in the NoSQL range of data bases, since they differ more from one to another than the SQL ones. We decided to use MongoDB since it fit with all of our requirements for a data base and it has proven to be a growing data base lately. Also, the fact that its files have a JSON structure, that works really well with Javascript and Node.js, made it obvious for us.
